VA Academy.
This is chingo uploaded vtt file.
Today we're gonna focus on the smash.
I already did the backhand smash, uh, tutorial, and if you haven't watched that one, I'll link to it.
However, today we're gonna focus on the hard, uh, smash.
I'm not gonna do the jump smash today.
I'm mainly gonna focus on just generating power with the smash.
What's really important for me is that when I, when the shot, uh, when the shuttle is coming, I try to prepare, uh, as quick as possible, get my elbow back and high.
And what I like to imagine is to see my body as a bow.
Uh, I touch on this subject on another, um, VA academy, uh, film, which I did, uh, in my garden during the Corona lockdown.
Um, however, it's, it's easier to explain here.
I try to imagine myself as having a body of a bow, sort of where I try to here prepare, and then as the shuttle comes, I'm driving my elbow forward like this, and the arm.
I don't wanna do too much of this with the elbow.
I'd rather want to get up here high and then generate the power from there.
So, uh, no more talking.
We're gonna try to smash and, uh, we'll see how much power I can generate up.
It's, and as you can hear, the sound is good.
I wanna be as relaxed as possible when the shuttle is coming.
And as, as I prepare, I don't want to be too tense because then you're not able to generate the power you want.
So stay relaxed.
Your arm has to stay relaxed and just when the shuttle is approaching, you're generating the power.
We'll see.
Woo.
What do England
,
The coach thinks it's good.
So
The hip.
Mm.
And your hip and break is have together.
This is the really power.
Mm.
That is the tension.
Power is that is the power.
This is the body power.
That
Is the reason you smash is the hardest.
Mm.
Many people think that it's important to get your elbow like this, but I also found that I can't generate the same power.
That is a playing power is about in of movement.
That is M cross.
Ah, okay.
That means that you longer and your square.
Mm.
Okay.
That is more
Important.
So that is a street.
Okay.
That is a power.
So stretching up higher here.
Yeah.
You more here, you more, less power you, more higher you,
You generate.
Yeah.
That is the reason your heart, that is the power here.
From here to here, really hard.
Plus your finger 30%.
That is enough.
Yeah.
Your, your fingers have to relax.
Relax.
This is the finger power.
It's perfect.
Could you try a little more?
Yeah, I try a few more.
Okay, guys, I really hope you enjoyed this, uh, smashed tutorial here.
We went a little bit off script, however, I think that you'll enjoy.
Uh, anyway, if you did, please don't forget to subscribe and leave a comment down below.
I always read all your comments, even though I don't have time to answer all of you.
I really appreciate every single one of them.
So thank you so much for watching.
Thanks to John Darlin for the great tutorial and the help always, and I'll see you in the next one.
Now you can learn from the best online badminton Academy, bringing you free tutorials, tips, and tricks, exercises, and much more.
Subscribe Now.